hi so the last time you guys recommended
something to me in the comments it was a
film that straight-up summoned hasit on
in my house I said holy water - my
sprinklers for about a week straight
after watching Veronica and yet somehow
you guys were able to recommend
something that needs stronger water to
wash out let me explain so I had gotten
a bunch of requests to watch this little
Netflix movie called the kissing booth
that's based off of a book about a
kissing booth
pretty much you got these best friends
who grew up together they share the same
birthday they dance like Nicole Arbour
during their DDR sessions and it was
about five minutes into the movie when I
realized that this chick right here is
Beezus from Ramona and Beezus all grown
up looking it B's is all grown up
looking matured I mean it even gets to
the point that she beyblades her pants
and lets them rip she's got to that
summer glow up thing where you know they
don't even realize it because they're
still acting like tomboy so this girl
goes to school and a skirt since that's
all she has and somehow can't feel the
breeze in her butt cheeks to the point
that everyone's looking at her and some
random dude decides to play patty cakes
but what the heck they underpin
detention and this students are fighting
a little sorry apology letter asking for
a number and this chick straight up just
goes forgive and forget
take notes price so because she has
bigger cups than Thornton's the Mean
Girls then started hanging out with her
her best friend's brother starts
bullying guys into not dating her so he
can probably have her for himself
and in the school all about looks I've
never understood these like you're
trying to improve your image right why
would you wear these things for 18
months straight these two one day decide
to pitch a kissing booth to the student
council for the upcoming fair in order
for this guy to get a kiss with one of
the hot girls and for Beezus to get back
at the brother which you know ain't that
bad of an idea except for the fact that
nobody wants to do it
this could be a problem I love how she
clearly has a foam but still leaves a
manual text message for her parents she
ends up going to a senior party that the
older brother is hosting that he didn't
really want her to go to and she ends up
getting hit with one of the best lines
in the movie is downstairs [ __ ]
it is in fact downstairs but she decides
to turn up angles what turns out that
the brother ends up taking care of her
you know I'm not the best friend who saw
her almost going full Miley Cyrus and
she ends up waking up in his room and
they end up replicating the proposal
clearly she's not from Philly so the
brotherly love that she wants isn't a
whole nother level but considering that
her and her Biffle had these rules and
one of the rules is no smashing siblings
she hasn't read him like he's able and
just can't touch him eventually they
start working on the kissing booth and I
swear if anyone ever did this to me boy
I'm coloring them red gin decides to go
wash off and dance in the boys locker
room because there's no better way to
get back at a dude than to objectify
yourself carnival day happens and they
set up the booth which is really when
you look at it just PG prostitution you
know you're paying to have physical
contact it's the reason why Bill Gates
Jr over here is able to get a lot of it
but like can you imagine meeting your
future wife there and then you have to
tell your kids hey dad where'd you meet
mom you know the night of 200 other
dudes swapped saliva with her through a
bonkers turn of events L ends up in the
kissing booth and asked to kiss the
brother who we all know really is the
love of her life they ended up kissing
in the movie hit you with that ESPN
replay fireworks happen all of a sudden
everyone's cheering for consents that
she just walks away girl there was a
light now I'm gonna be honest after this
I kind of like knocked out for 20
minutes but from what I gathered she
starts banging her best friend's brother
they're like making out in the rain
riding each other in the sunset creating
chemistry in the lab all behind her best
friend's back when you become such a
doctor girl just cuz I make a sandwich
they'll make me a chef what doesn't get
[ __ ] we I can't explain no that's my job
see I'm not saying that this dude
doesn't have a reason to be mad right
like it can you imagine your best friend
dating your sibling like it's gonna make
it go crazy but like you also found a
new dance partner you know what I mean I
get why this dude is throwing as low his
but when you really think about the fact
that you kind of left her to start
stripping at the party but your brother
who is going to Harvard actually has
been taking care of her I mean it's your
best friend ain't nobody better than
someone who you actually know there's
even a point where the brother recreates
the kissing booth during an upcoming
dance but Shawn men destroyer of
relationships keeps telling her no and
putting this ultimatum on her it isn't
until their shared birthday that they're
celebrating together where she
straight-up calls out her friend for
creating this forbidden love and he just
goes okay I'll help you find him okay
how he pulls around with the whip she
gets in the driver's seat sets out to
find them and then they die now I'm just
kidding
they do end up together but eventually
they drift as he goes off to Harvard she
drives away into the sunset and we
learned that sometimes your soul mate
the person who you're meant to be with
all along is actually your best friend
brother thank you guys for checking out
this video as always I'm curious to know
your thoughts let me know down below if
you like this movie I take it you did in
since a lot of you kept commenting
letting me know yo watch this movie
you're gonna tear it apart it's not it's
not great Molly Ringwald's also in the
movie for whatever reason she doesn't do
much she's the mom of the boys but I
thought I'd mention it and she did get
top billing I'm curious to know your
guys thoughts on this let me know down
below any other movies you want me to
cover Netflix movies or other little
ones that are out there 13 reasons why
video of course coming up very soon but
other than that don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I'll send you
nothing